which of these define dairy item
which of these define oil
According to the given food chain what would happen if phytoplankton decreases?
According to the given food chain, which is the smallest organism?
Based on the given diagram answer the following question. What would happen to the elephant seal population if there were no whales?
Based on the given diagram, the penguin is a
The diagram below shows a food chain. If the smaller toothed whales ate all the leopard seals, the population of krills would most likely.
What could happen that would increase the number of krill?
What event will probably cause the elephant seal population to increase?
Which animal is at the top of this food chain?
Which would be most directly affected if all the baleen whales were removed?
In the diagram which letter shows the Adulte?
What stage in the diagram corresponds to letter D?
Larvae turn into what form?
This diagram shows the life cycle of an insect. What is the order of the insect's life stages, from youngest to oldest?
Which stage is egg here ?
which stage is adult here ?
What is the expanded part of a leaf or petal?
What is the region that represents the centriole?
What is the region that represents the vacuole?
Where the double-layered membrane enclosing the nucleus of a cell is known as?
What does the bird feed on/
What does the carnivore fish feed on?
What is at the highest of the food chain in this diagram?
What is at the lowest of the food chain in this diagram?
Which of the following correctly characterizes energy flow in the diagram?
Which organism sits at the bottom of the food chain seen above?
What is a producer?
What is at the top of the food web?
What is energy
What would be directly affected if organism A was extinct?
What would happen if oragnism D disappeared?
What would happen if organism A disappeared?
What would happen to organism A if organism B increased?
What would happen to organism c if organism b increased?
How many stages are in this cycle?
How many stages are shown in the diagram?
Mealworms are the larva of various beetles of the genus Tenebrio. Which stage represents the mealworm?
What is the stage after egg?
What stage comes after egg?
During which step is the egg  released from the egg mass?
In the diagram it show the growth of a frog, does stage C show?
The diagram depicts the life cycle of:
What is shown by stage E?
Which stage is next to the Egg Mass?
How many stages are in the development of a mosquito?
What stage is represents the egg?
How many quarters see the half moon?
What is the new moon in the diagram?
Which letter shows the lunar phase that occurs when the Moon is completely illuminated as seen from the Earth?
Which phase describes the point at which the moon appears nearly invisible in the sky?
In the life cycle of the butterfly, what stage comes with after larva?
In the life cycle shown to us, what stage comes after pupa?
What comes before pupa according to the diagram?
What stage is shown in C in the diagram?
Which label refers to the adult stage?
Which label refers to the larva stage?
WHAT IS A LABEL A REPRESENT  IN THE ABOVE DIAGRAM?
According to the food web, what is the source of energy for the squirrel?
According to the food web, what will happen if the grass dried up due to extreme heat?
Base your answers on the diagram below and on your knowledge of science. Which are the organisms are herbivores?
From the above food web diagram, if all the grass dies then population of squirrel will
From the above food web diagram, what will cause moose to increase
From the above food web diagram, which species provide energy
In the given food web, which organism consume higher number of prey?
In the given food web, which organism have no predator?
In the given terrestrial food web, which organisms are known as primary source of energy?
What is a primary consumer?
What is at the top of the food chain?
From the above food chain diagram, increase in number of sheep leads to
From the above food chain diagram, which species is secondary consumer
From the above food web diagram, which species increase if all the owl dies
From the above food web diagram, which species is the tertiary consumer
What grass a primary food source for?
What would be most impacted if all the owls disappeared?
What would happen if the deer population increased?
What would happen if there was a sudden decrease in grass?
What would happen if there were less crickets?
Which is a carnivore?
Which is the end result of the process of growth?
Which label shows the first stage of the life cycle?
What organism does this diagram portray?
What process does this diagram portray?
What label is represented by B ?
Why is A necessary for living of a insect ?
What does the letter C represent?
Which of the following is not a Gneiss, Intrusion or Volcanics?
What does stage B depict?
What is the result of a hatching egg?
What label shows the adult phase of the frog?
What stage of the life cycle of a frog is shown at letter D?
Which layer surrounds the mantle?
What is represented by letter A?
Which letter represents the mature frog?
Iris is an example of what?
Which label represents corms?
Which of the following are examples of corms?
Base your answers on the food web below and on your knowledge of biology. Which organisms are carnivores?
If plankticorous fish are removed from the food chain shown in the diagram, which organisms are likely to face starvation?
In the diagram of the food web shown, what does the piscivorous fish consume?
In the diagram shown, which organism consumes the phytoplankton?
Part of the forest ecosystem is shown. Phytoplanktons is a
Part of the forest ecosystem is shown. Zooplanktons feeds on?
What is at the top of this food chain?
Which of these is the highest in the food chain in this diagram?
Which of these is the lowest in the food chain in this diagram?
According to the given food web, what are the consequences if all the fruits are plucked by humans?
According to the given food web, what is the main source of energy?
Base your answers on the food web below and on your knowledge of biology. Which is white tailed deer?
Based on the food web diagram given here, white tailed deer can be categorized under which group?
In the diagram of the food web shown, berries are a food source for which of these?
In the diagram of the food web shown, the bald eagle gets its energy from?
In the diagram of the food web shown, what do fruit get its energy source from?
In the diagram of the food web shown, what does does the red panda eat?
In the diagram, which organism supplies the energy for the food web shown?
In this food web diagram, Bamboo can be considered as a
Which of the following is not a producer organism in the diagram below?
A food web is represented in the diagram . Which organisms are correctly paired with their roles in this food web?
According to the given food chain, which organisms are primary consumers of shell fish?
According to the given food chain, which organisms would be affected if there were no shellfish?
Based on the diagram of a food chain below and on your knowledge of science. The harmful algae in this food chain represents a
From the Below food chain, which of the community is primary consumers?
From the above food web diagram, algae is
Which of the following is not predator of fish?
Which one is producer of this food web?
Who is predator of shellfish?
Who is primary predator in this food web?
Which group has a notched outline?
Which of these shows a smooth edged leaf?
What is the larva of a frog that is limbless, has gills, and a long flat shaped tail?
Which letter refers to a tadpole?
Which letter represents the tadpole?
Which stage is shown at letter B?
What is B in the diagram?
What is E in the diagram?
Which organ or part is horny sheath covering the toes or lower part of the foot of a mammal?
Which part is found inside the horny hoof?
Which letter represents the Spurred flower?
In the diagram of the food web shown what will most directly be affected by the loss of the trees?
In the food web diagram that is shown, which is the producer?
What is an example of a producer in this diagram?
What is the largest planet besides the sun?
What is the name of the planet closest to the sun.
Which planet is label C?
What is in the center of the Nuclear Envelope?
What just inside of the Cell coat?
WHICH DESCRIBE ABOUT NORTH POLE?
WHICH LABEL REPRESENTS SOUTH POLE?
What does the green arrow at the equator represent?
What does the letter A represent?
Growth is best described as:
Letter C in the diagram represents which stage of development?
Maturity is best represented by which letter in the diagram?
From the above food web diagram, spartina is
From the above food web diagram, which species get directly affected if all plants dies
Prokelisia is the main food for _____?
Which is the following is predator?
Which organism is at the top of the food chain?
Which organism is the primary producer?
which is the following primary consumer?
If the phytoplankton disappeared, who would need a new source of energy?
Imagine that sunlight was removed from the diagram below. What would be an immediate result?
Using the diagram, identify the organism that provides energy to the bluegill.
What does bass feed on?
What does bluegill feed on?
What feeds on aquatic insects?
What feeds on bass?
A food web is shown. Lizard is a/an
According to the food web, what is the number of organisms that feed on ants?
According to the food web, what leads to increase in the population of ants?
Base your answers on the food chain below and on your knowledge of science. Which among the below is a producer?
From the above food web diagram, decrease in lizards would directly affect
From the above food web diagram, what would happen to ants if all the plants dies
From the above food web diagram, which species depends on plants for food
From the above food web diagram, which species provide energy for eagle
In the diagram of the food web shown, what consumes the plats directly?
In the diagram of the food web shown, what will be most directly impacted if the number of ant decrease?
The diagram below represents a food web. what is a food for frog?
which organism would most likely have a decrease in its population if decrease the population of ant base of above diagram?
In the life cycle of a crane fly, which letter represents the leather jacket stage?
The diagram shows the life cycle of a crane fly. During which time frame does stage C occur?
What is D in the diagram?
What is E in the diagram?
The cactus is surrounded with these.
Which label represents leaves?
Which label represents stem?
What is at the bottom of the tulip bulb?
Which one of these is found inside the tulip bulb?
Which region in the diagram represents the flower bud?
Which region in the diagram represents the roots?
Look at the diagram what is the cycle?
What stage of development does a mosquito go through after the larval stage
What stage of development does a mosuito go through after the egg stage?
What term best describes the mosquito that is represented by D?
Which stage in the given diagram represents the pupal stage?
Which Diagram Shows spring Here ?
From the above food web diagram, which species are most predators
How many organisms in this diagram are producers?
How many producers are there in this food web?
What gets energy from a producer?
What gets energy from the sun?
What is the name for the thing at the top of the food chain?
Which is the main source of energy?
In the diagram shown, which is the producer?
In the diagram shown, which organism consumes deer as a food source?
In the diagram shown, which organism consumes deer for a food energy source?
Refer the diagram and choose the right answer accordingly. What will happen to the Coyote Population if the Rabbits are extinct?
Refer the diagram and choose the right answer accordingly. Which among the below is a carnivore?
What do coyotes eat?
What feeds on the deer?
What is a producer?
What is the producer shown here?
Which of the following gets energy from plants?
Which of the following is a secondary consumer?
the outermost layer of earth is known as:
At this time of year, where are the sun's rays generally the warmest?
The letter B in the diagram represents?
What is represented by letter B?
Where is the Arctic Circle on the diagram?
Letter I refers to which organ?
What is the bottom-most opening shown in the diagram?
What is the opening on the face?
Which organ produces bile?
In which label on the diagram is the grasshopper the smallest?
What is the body part labeled D?
What organism does this diagram portray?
Base your answers on the food web below and on your knowledge of science. Identify the producer in this food web ?
Based on the given food web diagram, which of these animals act as a prey only?
Based on the given food web diagram, which of these following statements are true?
From the above food web diagram, if all the grasshopper dies then population of plants will
From the above food web diagram, name the species that eat plants
In the diagram of the food web as shown, if the shrew population decreases, the earthworm population will most likely?
In the diagram of the food web shown, the shrew consumes which of these directly?
Name the producer organism in the diagram below.
Select the organism below which is both carnivorous as well as food for other carnivores.
What feeds on leopard frogs?
Which organism supplies the energy for the food web shown?
what is a producer?
What is the fifth planet from the sun, the largest and most massive in the solar system?
What is the object labeled E?
What is the second farthest object from the center? (Orange in color.)
What star is the basis of the solar system that sustains life on Earth, being the source of heat and light?
From the above food web diagram, which species need to find other energy source after grass
From the food web shown in the diagram, which organism is the primary consumer?
From the food web shown in the diagram, which organism is the producer?
If the producer in this ecosystem disappeared, the organism directly affected would be
Imagine that crickets died out in the ecosystem shown above. Predict which of these outcomes would be most likely to occur:
Refer the diagram and choose the option which is a carnivore?
What feeds on crickets?
What is a predator?
What would happen if the cricket population decreased?
Which among the below causes pollution?
In the diagram below, how many days does the Adult live?
In the diagram below, how many days does the Nymph stage last?
Diagram letter C refers to what part of the fish?
What organism is shown in the diagram above?
Which label applies to the Soft Dorsal of the fish?
How many layers does the earth have?
What is the outermost layer of the earth called?
What is the region that represents the crust?
What is the region that represents the mantle?
The above diagram shows the mouth parts of which organism?
The letter F is point at what part of the cockroach's mouth parts?
The letter I is pointing at what part of the cockroach?
In the food web diagram that is shown, which is the producer?
In the food web diagram that is shown, which organism consumes snakes as a primary food?
What is at the highest of the food chain in this diagram?
What is at the lowest of the food chain in this diagram?
Who is the producer in the food web shown?
Who is the top predator in the food web shown?
What is the oxygen represented by in the diagram?
What is the sunlight represented by in the diagram?
What is uptaked into the plant at stage A?
which of the label show maximum leaf
which of the label show round shape leaf
which is nearest planet of sun?
which is the Center of planet?
which label defines saturn
What is depicted at stage E?
What is the first stage in the life cycle of a jellfish (Scyphozoa)?
IN THE ABOVE DIAGRAM DESCRIBE ABOUT VACUOLE?
What layer is between layer L and layer C?
What organism is shown in the diagram above?
What is the line down the leaflet called?
How many stager are in the life cycle of a grasshopper?
What feature does an adult grasshopper have that a nymph does not?
What is shown at F in the diagram?
What is the term for the second stage?
What part does F represent?
What stage is labeled C in the diagram?
At which label does the egg hatch into larva?
At which stage is the animal fully grown?
Which stage follows the egg stage of development in a beetle's life cycle?
Letter G shows which line?
Line C depicts the Tropic of _______?
The Tropic of Cancer is which letter?
What is being shown by the lines labeled H?
Which circle divides the earth into two hemispheres?
Choose the option that is a producer?
From the above food web diagram, if all the algae dies then population of bacteria will
In the diagram of the food web shown, the plant feeding nematodes get their energy source from?
In the diagram of the food web shown, what are the predatory nematodes consumed by?
What does a high-level predator eat?
What feeds on organic matter?
What feeds on plant-feeding nematodes?
What is an herbivore?
What is at the top of the food web?
Which among the below helps in creating Organic matter?
How many changes are shown in the diagram?
